id,category,question_text
1,Getting to Know You,Where did you first meet?
2,Getting to Know You,Where did you go on your first date?
3,Getting to Know You,Who made the first move?
4,Getting to Know You,Who said "I love you" first?
5,Getting to Know You,What did your partner wear on your wedding day?
6,Getting to Know You,What is your partner’s love language?
7,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite movie?
8,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite meal or dish?
9,Favorites,What is your partner’s dream vacation destination?
10,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite holiday?
11,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite thing to do on a weekend?
12,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite dessert?
13,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite scent?
14,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite board game?
15,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite TV show?
16,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite alcoholic beverage?
17,Favorites,What is your partner’s favorite sports team?
18,Favorites,What is your partner’s go-to coffee or drink order?
19,Favorites,What is your partner’s celebrity crush?
20,Favorites,Does your partner prefer dogs or cats?
21,Fun & Silly,What is your partner’s most annoying habit?
22,Fun & Silly,What would your partner say is your most annoying habit?
23,Fun & Silly,What is something your partner does that always makes you laugh?
24,Fun & Silly,What is your partner’s weirdest habit?
25,Fun & Silly,What is your partner most likely to splurge on?
26,Fun & Silly,What reality TV show would your partner secretly love to be on?
27,Fun & Silly,If your partner could only eat one food for the rest of their life, what would it be?
28,Fun & Silly,Who is more likely to start a silly argument?
29,Fun & Silly,What is your partner’s favorite physical feature on you?
30,Fun & Silly,What song reminds your partner of you?
31,Everyday Life,Who takes longer to get ready in the morning?
32,Everyday Life,Who is the better cook?
33,Everyday Life,Who is more organized?
34,Everyday Life,Who is more likely to forget where they put their phone?
35,Everyday Life,What chore does your partner absolutely hate?
36,Everyday Life,What is your partner’s most prized possession?
37,Everyday Life,What is your partner’s biggest fear?
38,Everyday Life,What hobby does your partner spend the most on?
39,This or That,Is your partner more of a morning person or a night owl?
40,This or That,Does your partner prefer sweet or salty snacks?
41,This or That,Would your partner rather go to the beach or the mountains?
42,This or That,Is your partner more artistic or logical?
43,Hypotheticals & Dreams,If your partner won $10,000, what’s the first thing they’d do?
44,Hypotheticals & Dreams,If your partner could have dinner with any celebrity, who would it be?
45,Hypotheticals & Dreams,What would your partner choose as a superpower?
46,Hypotheticals & Dreams,What is your partner’s dream job or what did they want to be when they were young?
47,Past & Memories,What was the name of your partner’s first pet?
48,Past & Memories,What was your partner’s first car?
49,Past & Memories,What is the happiest moment of your partner’s life?
50,Past & Memories,What is your partner’s go-to karaoke song?
